Temporal Cloud limits sheet - remove KB (#2262)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-an-update.md

1. **Admission.** The Temporal Cluster first validates Update submissions against the configured resource usage limits.
   For example, limits apply to concurrent requests and requests per second.

>    See the [Temporal Platform limits sheet](/cloud/introduction/operating-envelope#limits-sheet) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the [Temporal Platform limits sheet](/cloud/introduction/operating-envelope#limits-sheet) for more information concerning usage limits.
```
